**Homework for:  Episode 3 – Commanding Your Words**

TODO:  Still more to do, have questions.
TODO:  Clean-up later as it is still half markup half MS Word.

**Car Factory Vocabulary Terms**


*Automobile*: Also sometimes referred to as a "Car".  These are the finished products that factory craftsman produce.

*Car*:  (see automobile).

*Cargo Bay*:  One of three physical locations in the back of the factory where delivery trucks back into so that factory workers can unload the automobile parts that they use to produce automobiles.  These areas are also where most factory workers hang out and smoke for 1 hour and 45 minutes per work day.

*Craftsman*: (see worker).

*Curse Words*:  These are words that are spoken by any person inside the factory that are deemed inappropriate for the business environment.  All spoken words are recorded by factory microphones and transcribed into electronic text tp be stored in the "Factory Journal".  The current curse words are defined as:  "accountability", "downsizing", "fired", "manager", "MPG", "overtime", "pride", "profit", "solar", "team", and "quality". 


*Employee*:  (see Worker).

*Manager*:  The person who claims to be in charge of this factory and its workers but has been effectively neutered by the worker's union.  A manager sends work requests to factory workers and hopes that they feel like carrying them out.  A manager typically requests factory status reports every hour so that he or she can make appropriate decisions in the event that someone listens.

*Produce*:  The creation of a car that is assembled and ready for sale to a customer.  This factory ironically produces hand-crafted automobiles that are completely built by an individual car craftsman.  Each craftsman is able to build a replica of two types of cars:  a Model T or Model A.  Black and red are the two available car paint colors.  Hydraulic switches to make the car bounce are optional.  Each car is assigned a unique serial number by the worker when production is complete.

*Overtime*:  The condition that occurs any time a car craftsman works more than 2 hours per 24 hour period between 12:00AM-11:59PM each day (M-F).  For each hour worked over the limit of 2 per day, the worker earns four times their standard hourly rate.  It is against the law for them to work on weekends.

*Union*:  (this entry has been **censored**, please contact: unionboss@crapfactory.com)

*Work Hours (standard pay rate)*:  All factory craftsman work between 10:00AM-12:00PM Monday-Friday.  They have negotiated a very interesting union contract that considers any hours worked before or after these standard hours to be paid at the overtime hourly rate.

*Worker*:   A person who creates an automobile with their hands and factory-supplied tools.  A worker is also known as an "employee" or "craftsman".  Craftsman is used to describe a person who takes pride in their work and produces quality automobiles.  Since most of the people in the factory have become content with mediocrity, "craftsman" is rarely used these days at this factory).



**Reports**

*Car Production*:  The total number of cars that have miraculously been produced today.  Typically viewed/printed every hour.

*Currently Employed Workers*:  The First and Last Name of each worker/employee that is available to produce cars.  An asterisk follows an employee's last name on the report to indicate a person that they have tried to fire over 3 times for not doing their work but they have failed due to contract complications.  Typically viewed/printed at the start of each work day.

*Factory Journal*:  This is the electronic log of all spoken words that have been recorded by the factory microphones and transcribed into text for archival purposes.  Currently used to track and report “banned” curse words.

*Status of Cargo Bays*:  This report summarizes for each of the 3 cargo bays:  If the cargo door is operational, if there is a truck to unload in the bay, and how many workers have smoked in each bay in the last 24 hours.

*Top 10 Curse Words*: This report is generated by looking inside the "Factory Journal" of all spoken words and displaying the name of the top 10 curse words and how many times each has been said to date.  This report is run every Friday at 5:01PM.



**Commands and Events**

**CreateEmployee**(IIdentity WorkerId, string FirstName, string LastName, bool UnionMember)
**EmployeeCreated**(IIdentity WorkerId)

**PunchInToTimeClock**(IIdentity WorkerId, DateTime StartTime)
**TimeClockInPunched**(IIdentity WorkerId, DateTime StartTime)

**PunchOutOffTimeClock**(IIdentity WorkerId, DateTime EndTime)
**TimeClockOutPunched**(IIdentity WorkerId, DateTime EndTime)


**ProduceCar** (IIdentity ManagerId , IIdentity WorkerId, string Type, string PaintColor, bool Hydraulics)
**CarProduced** (IIdentity WorkerId, string Type, string PaintColor, bool Hydraulics, int SerialNumber)

// **TODO**: how should we create things for negative cases?
**CarNotProduced**(IIdentity WorkerId, string Excuse)

**UnloadCargoBay** (IIdentity ManagerId , IIdentity WorkerId, int BayId)
CargoBayUnloaded (IIdentity WorkerId, int BayId)

// **TODO**: how should we create things for negative cases?
CargoBayNotUnloaded(IIdentity WorkerId, string Excuse, int BayId)


**WorkOvertime** (IIdentity ManagerId , IIdentity WorkerId, DateTime Duration)
**OvertimeWorked** (IIdentity WorkerId, DateTime Duration)

**IgnoreManager**?? (**TODO**:  How do we convey the actions/intention of workers like this one?)
**ManagerIgnored**?? (TODO: See IgnoreManage

**RecordSpokenWord**(IIdentity WorkerId, string WordSpoken)
**SpokenWordRecorded**(IIdentity WorkerId, string WordSpoken)


// TODO:  For Reports/Projections do we generate commands from the client UI to show them?
**CreateCarProductionReport**(DateTime StartDate DateTime EndDate)
**CarProductionReportCreated**(IIdentity ReportId, Url ReportLocation)

// TODO: Similar for other reports if in fact we should use Commands/Events for this stuff.

// TODO:  Stopped for now as I see a lot more stuff that could be added.  When do you stop and just do it in code? DSL please! :)






